It was late afternoon. The day had been fairly uneventful, and despite Casey’s attempts to tell everyone about the warship and the destruction it would cause, no one would believe him. He knew that when the time came, he would simply have to take things into his own hands. He had been up at the temple practically all day and was extremely bored. He had just drifted off to sleep when he felt a shadow pass over his body. He bolted upright and looked up to the sky. After waiting for them all day, the Maya had finally arrived.

Casey looked down upon the camp and watched as all of its inhabitants hastily moved into the jungle as they saw the impending threat coming down from the sky. Casey knew that if he didn’t do something soon, then the army would blow the Mayan ship off the face of the planet. He broke out of his reverie as the ship landed in the clearing, and he was forced into action.

Just like last time, the circular portal in the side of the ship slid back letting out a *hiss*. Before the Maya moved more than a few feet from the spacecraft, Casey ran as fast as he could down the stairs and almost crashed headlong into the waiting party of Maya. He just managed to right himself before he fell, face first, in the dirt. Before they could attack him he cried out.

“Wait, I’m not your enemy!” he exclaimed. He reached in his pocket and brought out the ball with a swift movement. At the same moment, a strange garbled sound came out of the headset of the Mayan who appeared to be in charge of the group.

The garbled sound stopped just as suddenly as it had begun, and a strange mechanical voice said, “Language identified: English. Language translator adjusted.”

A new voice came over the speaker that Casey just noticed was strapped to the Mayan’s chest. This one spoke in a halting, but slightly more humanoid voice.

“Hello, Casey. We have been watching you through the orb. We also know what you have been through.” Casey was suddenly bursting with questions that needed answers, but then, as if reading his thoughts the Mayan began again. “We know that you must have questions, but we should leave now. Your army has their strange metal weapons pointed at us right now, and if we don’t leave soon they will blow us into oblivion.”

It was at this moment that Casey remembered the ball in his hand. He held it up above his head, and the light of the setting sun reflected off of its polished surface. “You came for this, didn’t you?” he asked, finally understanding the reasoning behind all this. “I must have activated some sort of message when I took it.”

“Yes, you are a bright little one, aren’t you? The orb has immense power in it, and we knew that if it fell into the wrong hands, your world would change forever. The new planet we have cultivated is more civilized than this one. We ask if you wish to come with us. I can assure you that you will be amazed by what you see.”

Casey didn’t know what to say. He had always dreamed of visiting another planet. However, before he had even consciously made a decision, he knew there was no decision to make. He gently placed the orb in the Mayan’s hand and stepped a few paces back.

“Not today, for I have many things yet to experience on my own planet. Perhaps when I am older and have nothing left here. But for now, I bid you farewell and hope you have a safe journey back.”

With that, Casey waved at them and began to turn away. However, the Maya weren’t done yet. The one Casey had been talking too reached into his pocket and took something out, throwing it to Casey. He barely had time to catch it before it hit the ground. Then, the Maya turned away from him and walked through the circular portal, which sealed behind them.

As their ship made its way up into the sky again, Casey felt a feeling of satisfaction spread from head to toe as he realized that he had just saved the world. He didn’t need anyone to know, and he didn’t want to be on T.V. He was just glad that he knew in his heart what he had done.

Casey’s eyes moved from the diminishing ship back to his immediate surroundings. His dad was running towards him with a team of medics. When they reached him, he just smiled at his dad. Confusion and wonder filled his dad’s eyes. There would be time to answer questions later. For now, Casey just said, “Come on Dad, let’s go home.”
