By now Casey was used to waking up in strange places, so when he woke up and took in a deep breath of jungle air, he wasn’t surprised. He got out of his hammock, stretched, and went to find his father. He found him sleeping in his tent and looked at his clock. It was five o’clock in the morning, and the jungle birds had begun to chirp. Then, unable to restrain himself any longer, he wrapped his arms around his dad. His dad started awake, turned over, and saw Casey.

“Casey! It’s only five o’clock! What’s wrong?” his dad exclaimed.

“Dad! I’ve missed you!” Casey sobbed back.

“What do you mean? You saw me just before we went to sleep!”

“It’s a really long story,” Casey exhaled. “You need to wake everyone up right now and tell them that the Maya are coming! Don’t let the army attack them, though, or else they will destroy Earth! Please just trust me this once.”

“Casey, how could you possibly know that?”

“Dad, please.” Casey knew that his dad would never believe him, but he tried none the less. “You saw the calendar, and you know what was on it. But the Maya aren’t coming to start a war. Please just give me a chance to talk to them.”

“All right Casey, now just go back to bed.” From his tone Casey could tell that he didn’t believe him and was just agreeing to get him to leave. Knowing that he could never convince his dad, he played along with it and left the tent. The chilled morning air bit through the light hoodie he was wearing, but soon the first morning light peeked through the trees and slowly began to warm him to the bone.

Casey made his way over to a rock that baked in the morning sun and sat down to contemplate what would happen that afternoon. He knew that somehow he had to stop the attack. The only problem was that Casey didn’t know what they wanted. He sat there on that rock for a good well over two hours before the answer hit him so hard it knocked the wind out of him, literally.

It happened so swiftly that Casey could barely comprehend it. The little orb flew out of his pocket and hit him in his chest, knocking him off of the rock. It sat there on his chest, perched like a little bird, ready to take flight at any moment.

Slowly, Casey reached up and grasped the little silver ball with both of his hands so that it wouldn’t attack him again. As the warmth of the orb flowed through his body, understanding dawned on him. That was it. That was why the Maya had come to Earth in the first place. They wanted the orb. And that meant that this whole conundrum was his fault.