Just as Casey reached the top of the staircase he heard a metallic sound, and a huge blast of E.M.P. crashed over the landscape, throwing Casey the remaining distance to the entrance of the temple. He turned around and watched as all the tanks and helicopters in the forest exploded, sending more shrapnel flying in every direction. Casey could only hope that his dad was all right.

Unfortunately, though, that was only the beginning of the attack. As Casey watched in horror, little holes opened in the underside of what he assumed was a huge warship, and multiple turrets deployed, prepared for devastation. At that moment Casey heard a piercing whistle that made his hairs stand on end. The turrets suddenly opened fire upon the army, and Casey knew that they were doomed.

Casey didn’t see how anything else could go wrong, but it did. The entire underside of the ship opened up and swung back on silent hinges. A huge metal capsule, maybe as big as the temple itself, slowly descended from the ship and landed on the ground just outside the temple. It was then that Casey realized the army hadn’t fired once. He couldn’t see anyone moving in the trees, and he feared for the safety of his father. He looked back to the capsule, and saw that a massive door had opened up on the side of it. Maya poured out, and they were armed for war. As he watched, hundreds upon hundreds of them formed into a fighting formation in the clearing.

To his relief, Casey heard weapons being fired from the forest. The army suddenly emerged into the clearing and charged at the Maya. The Maya swung their army around and fired their strange laser weapons at the army. Soldier after soldier got hit, and soon the army began to disintegrate, literally. The Maya appeared to be armed with some sort of laser weapon that melted the skin right off your bones on contact.

Casey was so enthralled with the battle that he didn’t see the small group of Maya detach themselves from the main attack and make their way to the temple. They were in front of him before he knew what hit him, and he jumped back in fear. He didn’t act quickly enough however, because just then one of them leaped forward and clubbed him over the head with their gun. He had just enough time to see three of them descend into the inner workings of the temple before his head swam, and he hit the ground- unconscious.
