Robbed of his sense of sight, Casey struggled to find the exit. He had wandered around the room aimlessly until he finally reached an exit tunnel. That, however, was only the beginning. He also had to navigate a maze of tunnels until he finally reached a set of stairs.

He reached the top of them without having a clue where he was. He continued on his way until he finally reached the open air. He turned around and gasped. He stood in front of another Maya temple! It was distinctly different from the one where camp was. The Maya must’ve had a huge underground network connecting all of their establishments. No wonder they used to be able to get around so fast.

As he gazed off into the distance, he thought he recognized the glow of camp. He headed off in that direction, forgetting everything that Roberto had said about going through the jungle at night. In the next few hours, he would regret his decision.

He was slowly walking through the jungle when the chirping started. It was a shrill sound that stabbed his heart with fear. He moved faster until he stumbled over a rock and fell, grazing his hands and knees. When he got up, something was eerily different. Then he realized what it was. There wasn’t any more chirping. Somehow, that was more frightening than the chirping itself.

With no warning the leaves next to him parted, and thousands upon thousands of crickets poured out. Casey stumbled back, and then sprinted as fast as he could. When he couldn’t hear the menacing crickets anymore, he stopped and sat down on a rock. He sat there for a good, long while, waiting for his heart rate to return to normal.

If it hadn’t have been for the crickets, he would have died. While sitting on the rock, he heard the muffled sound of crickets. He quickly climbed on top of the rock, only to be confused when nothing jumped at him. Then, as if appearing out of nowhere, a huge anaconda lunged at him. He just managed to avoid it, and once again started sprinting. It must have gorged itself on the crickets and then come after him.

He had never been so terrified and was about to curl into a little ball and cry when he suddenly burst through the trees into camp. He nearly cried as he rushed into his father’s waiting arms.
