“Sir, we think we may have found something.”

James looked up from the documents he was surveying. “Could you be a little more specific?” he asked irritably to the man who had barged in on him.

“We found a large circular engraving in the temple. I’m no expert, sir, but it looks an awful lot like the Maya calendar.”

“I’ll have a look,” said James. He got up from his desk that was inside his little, makeshift tent that they had set up. He trod slowly over to the temple and trudged up the set of stairs that led to the entrance.

The man who had brought him the news led him to a room where a skylight let in a beam of sunlight, which fell directly on a large stone disc. James went closer and examined it. It did share a remarkable resemblance to the Maya calendar; however, it had an enormous hole in the center. To James it looked like a place to insert another part.

“Notify me if you find anything else, especially my son.” James exhaled as he thought about Casey. It had been a day since he had last seen him, and he was beginning to think that he might not be coming back. He cursed himself for bringing him on this trip. He could only hope that he was all right.

The disc came to an abrupt stop after descending about ten meters. Casey wondered how he was ever going to get back up to the temple. He looked around and noticed all of the tunnels surrounding the room he was now in. He started down one but then stopped. He searched in his backpack and eventually found a stick of chalk. He didn’t want to get lost, so he dragged the chalk along the wall as he walked. If he couldn’t find his way back, he could always follow the chalk.

As he continued down the tunnel, it occurred to him that he could see. The passage should have been submerged in darkness, but, instead, it glowed with light. He looked up and found the source of light. Strange, glowing orbs were fastened to the ceiling. They reminded Casey of light bulbs, and he wondered how they got their power.

He didn’t ponder it too long and soon continued on his way. The passage seemed to go on forever, but finally it opened out into what he assumed was a room. He had no way of knowing, however, because he couldn’t see the ceiling or the walls. The room was immense.

He had been wandering around the room for a while when he came upon a table. On it was a strange metal contraption. When Casey looked closer, he saw little buttons on it. He pressed one, and the whole thing came alive. A hatch opened up on the top, and a tiny little miniature head popped up and started to speak.

“Automaton 53A76 reporting for duty. Please enter passcode or provide identification.”

Casey was unsure of what to do. He obviously didn’t have either of what the robot requested. He said, “Ummm... Where am I?”

“You are in sector 5, sub section 7. If you wish to make a request, please enter passcode.”

“What is the passcode?”

“I am not authorized to answer that question,” said the machine. Casey didn’t think it would work, but he had to try.

“Who built this and when?”

“The Underground Preservation Chamber, A.K.A UPC, was developed in 900 A.D. by the Maya architects and engineers.”

Casey knew that the Maya had been a very intelligent people, but he knew that they definitely hadn’t had electricity. “What is the purpose of the UPC?” he asked.

“The UPC was built to house Maya technology, so that if one day they come back, they can take it with them.” Casey was about to say something when the robot continued, “Your next question will be where they are, so I shall tell you. The Maya left in 1105 A.D. in their spaceships to find other planets that would sustain life in case the Earth was destroyed. They left a single orb in the UPC to power everything and make sure that it went on undisturbed.”

“What is the orb?” asked Casey. “Also, how do you know English?”

“The orb is one of many. They are used to..” Suddenly the machine cut off and its eyes began to flash red. “Automaton 53A73 terminated,” said a hollow, mechanical voice from within the machine. When smoke began to pour from its eyes, Casey decided to make a run for it.

He sprinted as far as he could into the room before having to stop. Suddenly, dread dawned upon him. He had been in such a hurry that he had forgotten to keep marking with the chalk. He didn’t know how to find an exit. He gazed around uncertainly. His eyes fell upon a strange room off in the distance. He slowly made his way over to it.

After what seemed like forever, he finally reached the room. It had more unusual markings on the sides, and he could see three prongs of metal reaching down from the ceiling to connect the roof. He moved toward the door and threw it open.

The inside of the room was fairly barren, but in the middle there were six prongs. Three came up from the ground, and the other ones continued down from the ceiling. In the center was a small silver sphere. Strangely, Casey felt compelled to take it. He knew he was forgetting something, but his memory had become cloudy when he had entered the room. He walked over and plucked the ball from its perch. Instantly, the lights went off, and the world plunged into darkness.
