When Casey woke up, he knew something was different. He couldn’t remember what had happened to him at first, but then it all started coming back: The giant warship, getting knocked unconscious by the Maya... Then it dawned on him. They could have easily killed him then and there, yet here he stood perfectly unharmed apart from a small headache. He didn’t have time to ponder it though because a different thought struck him.

He had no idea where he currently was. He noticed a tinted window and looked out of the small room he was in. Outside was an empty void, twinkling with little points of light. Casey gave a start when he realized that he was in space. He ran to the window and looked out. Planets and constellations he had never seen before dotted the dark canvas.

An icy feeling began to crawl across Casey’s skin as he realized that the Maya had jumped back through the wormhole. He panicked and ran to what he assumed was a door and pounded on it with his fists. Finally, exhausted and breathing heavily from so much banging, he slumped down next to the door, defeated.

*Boop... Boop... Boop.* Casey looked up. The little window had become darkened, and was now displaying an image. It must have been some sort of screen. Upon further examination, he realized what the picture was. It displayed a lot of symbols that were unfamiliar to him, but in the center was a shape that was unmistakable—the orb that he was carrying in his pocket at that very moment. He reached into his pocket and took it out. Remembering what the automaton had said, he knew it must be important. As a matter of fact, as he examined it up close he could see different glowing, multicolored lines.

With a slithering sound like a snake, the door slid up into the ceiling. Casey jumped back in fear as a group of Maya entered the room. They had firearms in their hands, and Casey knew that this was the end. They had come to kill him. Remembering the orb, he brought it out in front of him as if threatening the Maya. Fear flashed in their eyes as they backed away in awe.

Casey knew that he had nothing left to lose. Having no idea what it would do, Casey twisted the orb on a random set of lines. All the air got sucked out of his lungs as a swirling portal materialized out of thin air. Knowing there was no better alternative, Casey jumped through the portal. The last sentient thought that he had was wishing he was home. He felt all the blood drain from his head and he lost consciousness.
