Casey loved the smell of bacon. He wanted to stay in bed, but the smell began to overpower his taste buds and make him crave the salty meat. As if struck by lightning, he jumped out of bed and ran downstairs to the kitchen. He found his dad frying bacon and ran over to give him a hug.

“I’ve missed you Dad,” he said.

“I’ve missed you, too, Casey. So, tell me exactly what happened yesterday.”

Had it really only been yesterday? To Casey it seemed like an eternity ago. He noticed his dad was waiting for him to sit down to the scrumptious breakfast he had made him. After breakfast, Casey explained the whole story of what had happened to him. He talked about how the Maya had captured him, how he had gone back in time, and finally how he had saved the world. His dad explained how Casey had collapsed into unconsciousness and how he had brought him home. The medics had suggested they bring him to the hospital, but James knew that Casey wouldn’t like that. They had agreed to let him stay at home as long as he told them everything when he was well enough.

Casey, on the other hand, was feeling perfectly fine. He knew that he would eventually have to tell the government everything, but for now he just sat and talked with his dad. It was late in the afternoon when Casey said that he was feeling tired and decided to retire to bed. He had just flopped onto his bed when he realized he was wearing the same clothes from yesterday. At the same moment he felt a strange lump in his pocket.

He slowly reached into his pocket and brought out a small square box that fit in the palm of his hand. It had markings on the sides that looked remarkably like the ones on the orb. Realizing that it must be the object the Mayan had tossed at him, he vaguely remembered slipping it into his pocket. Upon closer inspection, he saw that it had a small red button attached to the top. With growing excitement he noticed tiny little letters written in a flowing golden script. The inscription read: *In case you change your mind.*
