A giant shadow blotted out the sun. As Casey watched, the shadow slowly expanded. Remembering what his dad had said, he reluctantly went to the temple and hid inside the doorway, so he could still see what was going on outside. The army vehicles had assembled outside, and he assumed that they had done the same all around the whole area.

Sooner than he had expected, the treetops began bend from the wind that was now rushing around them. It must have been caused by what he assumed were a spaceship’s engines. Just at that moment, it came into his view. Actually, it completely obscured his view, and he was surprised it could even fit into the clearing. Strange, spiked landing gear came out of the hull, a strange circular door appeared in the apparently seamless side of the spaceship and a metal ramp slid down to the surface of the earth, like a ruler coming out of a tape measure. A small group of Maya descended down it, maybe seven or eight of them.

Casey watched in awe as they began to come over to where he was hiding. His heart began to pound as he realized that he was about to put himself in danger, but he wasn’t afraid. His mind was in turmoil, but finally, mustering all his courage, he stood up and walked towards the advancing party. He saw looks of relief come over their faces, and they began to jog toward him. Just as he had suspected, they must have only wanted to talk, not take over the earth.

Then came a moment that would haunt his dreams forever. He heard a loud bang, and the group of Maya was obliterated. Casey looked over into the trees and saw smoke rising from a huge tank. Furious, he ran over to the trees, trying to hide his tears. He could still see the joyful expressions on the faces of the Maya.

*Boom! Boom! Boom!* More tanks fired upon on the huge ship. One must’ve hit a gas tank or something, because suddenly there was a *whoosh*, and the ship exploded into a giant fireball, hurling shrapnel everywhere. Just at that moment, Casey reached the safety of the trees with all the tanks. That was when he saw his father. His anger transformed into fear as he saw the huge piece of shrapnel sticking out of his father’s chest.

“Dad!” Casey cried. Medics already swarmed around him.

“Casey! I thought I told you to stay in the temple!” his dad shouted angrily.

“Dad, you’re injured!”

“Don’t worry about it Casey, just get back to the tem...” His sentence was cut off as, once again, the sun disappeared. “Get to the temple, Casey! It looks like they’ve sent for reinforcements!”

Against his will, Casey was off again, running back to the temple. He ran as fast as he could, because he remembered how fast the other ship had landed. A snake lashed out in front of him and he tripped and fell. Soon, he was back on his feet and running. Then, he broke through the trees and was in the clearing once again.

Finally, he reached the temple and began to climb the stairs. Suddenly, huge shadow blanketed the whole valley. Casey looked up, and all the blood drained from his face. Several hundred feet up was a huge expanse of metallic armor plating, stretching as far as he could see into the distance. Attached to it were fierce looking to be weapons of all different shapes and sizes.

Realizing that the clearing was about to descend into utter chaos, Casey dashed up the stairs to the temple’s entrance. It was a good thing he did because if he would have lingered a moment longer, he would have been dead.
