“Make sure you’re machetes and clubs are ready because the time is drawing nearer. We have to catch them by surprise and take back what is rightfully ours,” Kung’u told the gathering before they dispersed. Njoroge walked briskly back to his quarters and hit the sack a few minutes later. A loud knock awoke him and he opened his door halfheartedly.

“What is it?” he asked Wanjiru rudely and she tossed him a new blanket. She told him Mrs. Foster wanted him to stay warm in the chilly night. Njoroge hostility melted away and he thanked her with a smile. He tossed away the old, tiny blanket and slept like a baby in the warmth of the new blankets. Meanwhile, Anne was changing into her nightgown when Adam entered the bedroom.

“How are things?” she asked.

“Owen and Edward still think running is our best option,” he replied while changing into his pajamas and hopped on the bed. “Njoroge might be patiently waiting for the day he will butcher us with the rest of the savages,” he added.

“Just try and gain his trust. It won’t be hard considering I gave him some blankets to keep warm in these freezing nights,” Anne told him.

“Or me and the boys can hold his family hostage and use him against his people,” Adam replied.

“Don’t you think it would be a bit cruel considering how long he has worked for us?” she replied in a concerned voice.

“I’ll know what to do,” he replied and blew out the lamp.

Adam lay awake pondering on their unstable future. He could not see himself elsewhere other than his fifty-acre farm, which he had invested quite a lot in it. Tea and Coffee grew on twenty acres each while the herd of cattle occupied five acres. He also had several fertile pieces of land near a small town called Othaya. The fact that Patrick, his friend since college was a chief in Nyeri gave him enough assurance to settle in the town.

Since the governor declared the guerilla warfare a state of emergency, the Africans rebelled and caused a lot of trouble to the colonial administration in the province. There rumors about secret meeting s that took place at night increased and it caused panic among Adam and his friends. Despite his friendly attitude towards Njoroge, Adam’s suspicion towards him didn’t disappear. He could be the snake in his farm ready to strike when he least expected. Patrick brought Njoroge to Adam’s farm last year during the coffee harvesting season. Njoroge stood out from the rest of the workers since his sack was always the heaviest whenever the berries were weighed. His English vocabulary was quite impressive compared to the three-word vocabulary among most natives. Adam bought him from Patrick for twenty shillings. He paid Njoroge five shillings every month and taught him how to save some of his income for rainy days. Owen’s wife gave Wanjiru to the Fosters when they moved in Nyeri. Anne allowed them to go be with their families back in the village on Sundays.

Adam, Owen, Patrick, and Edward met at George’s mansion on Friday night and Adam gave each of them three grenades and an AK-47. Adam told Patrick to impose a strict dawn to dusk curfew in order to stop the Africans from attending their secret meetings.

Kung’u briefed his men on the planned attack date, went through a detailed presentation, and divided them into three squads—each squad comprised of twenty men. Most of them were unhappy with his selection of leaders since they were members of his inner circle. Kung’u and a small number were in their late forties while the rest were young bloods in their twenties and early thirties. Things heated up in the meeting when Kung’u stood his ground after the youth rejected the leaders and they stormed out in protest. Njoroge skipped a few meetings until one of his friends told him Kung’u considered their demands. Kung’u announced he selected three youths as deputies in each squad.

The first squad raided a missionary’s house and they butchered him and his wife and made away with their radio, furniture, and liquor. Adam knew the missionary since they met twice on different occasions at Patrick’s house. His home was near the King’ong’o Prison while Adam lived closer to town. The second group unleashed their attack a week later at a nearby catholic church. Patrick ordered his officers to round up every boy and man in the village and take detain them in camp.
