“Man-eater, wassup?”

“I’m good. I heard Nakuru rocked,” Man-eater replied

“It was a blast. You missed the best after party of my career!” MC Sugu exclaimed

“I was working on a new beat and I want you to really give it your all because I have a feeling it will be the next big hit,” Man-eater said as he clicked the media player on his computer.

“What theme do you have in mind?” MC Sugu asked

“I was thinking maybe a slow RnB type or you could make a slow emotional road to memory lane. You know what I mean? Slow soundtrack with uplifting lyrics,” the producer replied.

Linda entered and greeted her friends. She really liked the instrumental and begged MC Sugu for a feature. They helped each other with the lyrics and two hours later Linda recorded the bridge and hook while MC Sugu showed his lyrical prowess in each verse as he delivered powerful punch lines while taking fans down his deplorable memory lane. Man-eater was impressed by their performance and rolled a fat joint to celebrate. MC Sugu left the studio an hour to midnight and left Linda and the producer finalizing production and mastering on the song.

A week later, the two were invited for a radio interview at Homeboyz Radio and they launched their latest single. They received many compliments on Facebook and Twitter from their fans around the country and those from Uganda and Tanzania. They thanked their host, went around several radio stations for interviews, and received tonnes of praises from their fans. Despite the rising tide of success, Linda felt left out of the limelight since radio presenters, deejays and interview hosts focused on MC Sugu and treated her like his sidekick. The radio presenter at Capital FM kept on praising her counterpart while leaving her quiet most of the time tossing a few questions to her while he answered the rest. She rode in silence from the studio and told David to drop her at her apartment as MC Sugu returned to the studio. Despite her debut in the industry eight months ago, Linda felt shortchanged even after paying her dues by the way the industry seemed to ignore her presence. They always defined her as the girl who sings with MC Sugu as if she was his background vocalist! MC Sugu came into the scene four months after her debut when Man-eater spotted him at small living room cum studio in Roysambu. She envied his fresh talent and his prolific approach towards music. Often, Tony was the early bird and the last to leave the studio each day.

She realized she had the power in her hand to take back what was rightfully hers—THE FAME TONY STOLE FROM HER! Linda scrolled her phonebook and made a lengthy call. Later she logged into her Gmail account, typed a lengthy email to a leading blog, and wore an evil grin when she clicked the Send button. Linda texted Paul to tell him she was on her way to his house. She parked outside his house and walked towards the door. Man-eater welcomed his sweetheart with a kiss and they lay on the sofa watching a movie. Once the movie was over, the two lovebirds chased each other round the house until he cornered her in his bedroom. Paul’s phone rang waking him from sweet slumber.

“Wassup?” he answered

“Why do you sound as if you are in a hole? I recorded the last track for my mix tape. Can you meet me in the studio at nine so we can finalize on it?”

“No problem,” Paul replied and immediately took his towel and headed for the bathroom. Linda woke up when she realized he wasn’t in bed and she saw him dressed and combing his hair.

“Where to?” she asked

“I’m going to the studio. Tony wants me to listen to his new track then we wrap up his mix tape,” he replied

Linda searched for her pants while putting on her black & white top and they left once she was dressed. When she arrived home, she went to the tabloid site and she squealed in excitement when she saw the story under Exclusive Gossip. She sent a text to Paul with the link to the website.

MC Sugu listened to the mastered track a final time and felt proud of his accomplishment. He had talked to one of his friends who was good at graphic design to help him come up with the mix tape cover as well as artworks for different tracks. Man-eater pulled his friend away from the computer and gave him his phone. MC Sugu almost fainted when he read the headline;

“MC SUGU, RAPPER TURNED RAPIST”

He didn’t bother finishing the story since he already knew it.

“Who is she?” Man-eater asked

“It’s a fan I met last year in Westlands. I have not seen or talked to her since. You remember her, dark with short dyed hair. She had a purple mini skirt.”

Her image reappeared in Man-eater’s memory. MC Sugu and Linda had gone to perform in a street carnival on the eve of Mashujaa Day. Once they got off stage, fans milled around them for autographs and a few pictures. MC Sugu spotted her as she waited for her turn to pose with him and struck the iron while it was hot. His flirting raised her temperatures and she couldn’t hold back the urge even though it was as clear as daylight they had slim chances of ever meeting in the future. He led her to his car then drove to an alley and they gave into their bodies’ raging desires. They met again at a house party in December and ended up spending the night together.

“Kate, right?” Man-eater asked

“Christine,” he replied in a defeated tone.

According to the victim, they met at a house party in December and after dancing, the rapper wanted to take things further but Christine refused. He followed her to the parking lot where he overpowered her and returned to the party after he was done with her. Christine further stated that MC Sugu was drunk and under the influence of cannabis and he became hostile towards her when she refused to accept his narcotic. She had decided to take care of the burden in her heart despite numerous threats she received from the rapper and his team against reporting the matter to the authorities. Tony received a call from the Inspector at Central Police Station and he left the studio immediately. Once he arrived, he recorded a statement and the officers put him in custody as they awaited trial. Man-eater, Linda and the rest of the crew at the studio paid him a visit that evening and assured him of the best outcome.

MC Sugu was arraigned in court after two days for the first hearing of his trial. The courtroom was full and there was pin drop silence during the session. Christine was rounder and had braids and she gave a moving testimony of her ordeal as MC Sugu stared at her in disbelief. He made it clear to his lawyers and friends they had consensual sex but in such cases the woman never lied.

“We shall meet again on the twenty first of May. The defendant shall be put in remand with no bond,” the judge concluded the trial.

Man-eater felt hope drain out of him as he watched MC Sugu in cuffs getting inside the large green prison bus along with other suspects. He saw Christine and her lawyer drive off and wished he had a gun in his hand at that moment. Why do bad things happen to good people?
