An overloaded Toyota pickup stopped on the dusty road, James jumped out, and the Toyota sped off leaving a dusty cloud. James noticed nothing had changed in the village since the last time he left on that fateful day. The midday sun blazed mercilessly and sweat poured down his face as he trekked home. He cursed when he remembered he lost his keys during their escape and struggled for fifteen minutes as he used his club to break the padlock. Once he entered, he collapsed on the mattress and dozed until dusk when he heard loud noises outside his house. James left his house at night and headed to Ekwe’s house. Timothy, Ekwe’s four-year-old son saw him, rushed to the house, and returned with his mother.

“James! How are you?” she greeted him with anxiety all over her face.

“I’m fine Florence. I have just arrived and I decided to pass by,” he replied.

She invited him inside and offered him a cup of warm tea. Florence told James some of the men found wandering livestock near the oil wells and they searched for the three because they thought raiders had attacked them. James told her they had gone to look for a well so they could give water to their livestock when one of Ekwe’s goats broke from the herd and went inside the fenced area. Ekwe went after it but two police officers confronted him when they found him wandering around and they handcuffed him. James and Samuel went to plead with the officers but they turned a deaf ear to their pleas and they followed them to their camp where other officers whipped them for trespassing. James told her how they escaped to Ethiopia and crushed her hopes when he told her Ekwe didn’t make it outside the oil field. Since he returned, James visited Florence’s house regularly not only to console her but also to have another swipe at a delayed opportunity that once knocked on his door two years ago. Whenever Timothy wasn’t around, James sat very close to Florence and often put his arm around her while giving her the proverbial shoulder to lean on as he promised her his generous support in case she needed help.

The elders reported Ekwe’s death to the chief and demanded for justice because of the police brutality. The chief reported the matter to the senior officer in charge and he promised him speedy investigations but the villagers were disappointed and bitter at the police since two months had passed and nothing had taken place. James never shied away from retelling their horrific encounter with the police and showed them the marks on his back and legs because of the several lashes. As a result, he earned heroic status in the village, the young warriors looked up to James because of his bravery, and he often gave them sound advice whenever they went for cattle raids in neighboring villages. During his month long stay in Ethiopia, James met prominent cattle traders whom he immediately networked with and sold the cattle direct to them. Often, the villagers complained of the low returns they received after selling their livestock to intermediaries who made the lion’s share in such transactions since they sold the livestock at twice their buying price hence gaining supernormal profits. He gained a handsome commission from these transactions and the elders were quite impressed with him.

An old, overloaded pickup stopped outside the village and Samuel hopped out carrying a small blue bag over his right shoulder. The moon illuminated the village and he greeted a few people on his way home. Samuel felt a wave of relief once he entered his house and stretched on the couch. He took a cold shower and ate at a nearby hotel then returned home since his body ached from the day-long journey through the bumpy rough roads from Awasa. The next morning, he woke up early and went to James’ house but he found a huge padlock on his door and returned home disappointed. Samuel decided to visit fellow warriors who lived on the other end of their village. Women balanced pots of water on their head comfortably as their children followed them struggling with jerry cans of water. He turned left on the junction and he bumped into one of his friends. Once they exchanged greetings, his friend told him how the village searched for them for a whole month and James had returned to the village. Samuel could not believe his ears when he heard James and Florence had become an item. He immediately headed to Ekwe’s house and Florence welcomed him inside.

Timothy was solving math problems and music flowed softly from their transistor radio. She served him a cup of tea and he thanked her then sipped.

“I hear you are making a lot of money across the border?” she asked.

“Things are good on the other side. They sell their cattle at better prices compared to the peanuts offered by our traders in the market,” he replied.

“Why didn’t you return with James?”

“He told me he would call once he arrived but I have waited for his call for a long time so I decided to return because we were not sure about Ekwe.”

“Those officers will reap what they sowed,” she said in a bitter tone.

Samuel noticed Florence’s pregnancy but he had trouble on how he would bring up the topic. Timothy put his books inside an old backpack and ran outside to play. Samuel heard him shout and when he turned, he saw James.

“Samuel! How are you?” James shook his hand with excitement.

“I am fine my good friend! I waited for your call, what happened?” Samuel replied.

“I lost my phone as I was travelling from Awasa.”

They went to the local watering hole to catch up over a few beers. The third beer gave Samuel enough liquid courage to ask his friend about his current relationship with Florence. James justified himself by arguing that he deserved her since he took care of Florence and Timothy since he returned from Awasa. Samuel told him he should have waited a little longer until the dust had fully settled before he impregnated the widow.

Samuel met the elders in the afternoon and they welcomed him back home. He was angry when he heard about the chief’s laxity on Ekwe’s misfortune but the elders urged him to be patient. They told him they had not found Ekwe’s body and assumed the leopards or hyenas must have devoured his remains. Samuel readjusted back to the village life and slowly accepted the change around him. James stopped going to Ekwe’s house at night, walked with his new catch in broad daylight, and they were set to tie the knot the following Saturday. James was in his final 48 hours as a bachelor and Samuel vowed they would drink until all the bars in the shopping center went dry.
