They watched the officer halting a bus and quickly pocketing as the bus returned to the highway. The officer walked to a group of fellow officers near their vehicles and they burst into laughter after the officer cracked a joke about his latest victim. Two police officers and a female officer followed the officer back to the highway and stopped several buses, *matatus* and *bodabodas*. Richard and his group stealthily approached the slim female officer as she was busy harassing a bus driver and quickly put her in cuffs as the rest went after her colleagues. Bystanders and drivers were startled to see the traffic officers on the run and arrested by unknown people. Drivers and conductors gathered around the handcuffed officers and they mocked, spat and kicked them. Richard and his team of seven heavily built officers finally controlled the angry drivers.

“My name is Richard Lumumba and we are from the Anticorruption Center. I already have enough witnesses and evidence against these officers so you can rest assured justice will be served,” he told the crowd.

Richard and his team frog marched the officers to Kasarani Police Station in order to notify the OCS about their arrest. The drivers and conductors followed them as they mocked and heckled the officers. The large and rowdy crowd drew a lot of attention from other road users along the busy highway as they made it clear the tables had turned against the greedy lot. Officers in the station were startled when they saw their colleagues in cuffs. They knocked Mr. Opiyo’s door and entered the large office with several photos of the OCS and other officers in various field events. The eye catcher was a large framed photo of the OCS greeting the President while receiving a trophy.

“What is this?” the OCS jumped from his leather seat.

Richard and his team identified themselves and purpose of their visit. The OCS quickly cooled down and addressed the Anti-corruption officials with reverence begging for mercy. When persuasion seemed futile, the OCS offered the officers fifty thousand shillings and the case would be water under the bridge. Outraged at his offer, the officers stormed out of the office dragging their suspects with them outside where the large bloodthirsty mob awaited them.

As drama unfolded at the station, other anti-corruption officials ambushed wicked officers at Muthaiga. Passengers and other drivers cheered on the new heroes in town as they nabbed the fleeing suspects however two managed to escape. A group of drivers went after them as they pelted them with stones since the two of them were notorious extortionists compared to the rest. The two officers ran near the murky Mathare River as motorists and passengers on the busy highway watched. The two headed towards a chain link fence surrounding a block of apartments but their pursuants caught up with them before they made it over to the other side. The anti-corruption officials rescued them from mob justice and took them to Kasarani Police Station since it was the traffic police headquarters. The mob at the station screamed and heckled like a pack of hungry hyenas surrounding prey as the anti-corruption officials made their way through to Richard and the rest. All the officers inside the station got out and formed a barrier around Richard’s team and their colleagues.

“Don’t bother getting inside. He wanted to offer us a bribe,” Richard told the official.

“His time is about to come,” he replied.

Richard took a few steps forward while raising his hands to silence the mob. They hushed down and he said;

“The OCS, Mr. Opiyo is a shameless man. He encouraged this rottenness to spread but today we have put a stop to this. We have also seized the most notorious officers on Thika highway. The tall one is Mwangi and this is Henry, his partner,” Richard pointed at the bleeding and bruised duo in cuffs.

“We will also…” the OCS interrupted Richard and the crowd went ballistic yelling obscenities at him. They engaged in a heated conversation briefly and Richard requested the crowd to be silent.

“People of Githurai. I admit I have failed in the delivery of justice and fighting corruption on the highway. I am ready to face the law and deserve whatever punishment befits my crime but I swear these two are not my officers. You can ask any officer from this station!” Mr. Opiyo said in a sincere tone mixed with anger as he pointed Mwangi and Henry. The crowd became hostile once again and the OCS ordered his Sergent to bring the official roster. When he returned he gave it to Richard who went through it with one of the colleagues and indeed their names were not in the roster.

“Please be calm! I need your attention briefly! Mr. Opiyo is telling the truth. Their names are not on the official roster!” Richard shouted while raising the large book.

“Fake cops were stealing our money?”

“And the OCS is too stupid to realize!”

The mob stormed toward the two and trampled them under their feet as the officers fled into the station. Mr. Opiyo was grabbed from behind as he fled and the mob rained kicked and blows on him before some officers fired gunshots in the air. The mob finally dispersed and the officers cleared the aftermath until late in the evening. The incident made headlines in the evening news as well as daily newspapers.

Life remained the same way on the highway the next morning. A few officers manned the highway as *matatus* and buses went on with their operations. An officer raised his hand to halt an incoming *matatu* but the driver defied his order. The officer quickly jumped into his X-trail and pursued the driver and he finally cornered him near Ruiru.

“Get out!” the officer commanded the driver and he immediately complied.

The officer cuffed the suspect and put him in the trunk. He took him to the station and booked him for over speeding, possession of marijuana and driving an unroad worthy vehicle.

“Let’s talk this out like men,” the driver pleaded.

The officer agreed and took him to the OCS’s office. He knocked then gave a salute to his superior. The desk had Richard Lumumba engraved in bronze.

“OCS Sir, I have arrested this *matatu* driver for over speeding, possessing large amounts of cannabis and offering a bribe to traffic officer.”

“Well done. Lock him inside,” Richard replied and returned to his computer when they closed the door.

