
---

## Chapter 2

“Thank you!” the man replied after giving his customer a copy of the Daily Nation
The man nodded and scanned through the headlines as he walked back to his apartment. He greeted a neighbor on his way up the stairs to his second floor one-bedroom apartment. The man beamed as he read the headline again and read the main story a second time. The prostitute gave a detailed account of how she met the attacker who pretended to be a hawker selling sausages and eggs on the fateful day. He stared at the photo of her wrapped in bandages with cameras and microphones around her as she narrated the ordeal. Out of his four victims, she was the only survivor.
“Well done! They need to be taught a lesson!”
“There’s more to come!”

The voices grew louder as the man showered and dressed for work. His pulse increased when two women stood beside him at the bus stop while waiting for a bus to town. His pupils dilated and felt a chill ran down his spine as he looked at the women and followed them inside the bus. He sat behind them, turned all his attention towards them, and slowly nodded as they talked about the new menace in town and the poor prostitute. He mingled among other civilians as he walked to SCOM LTD, a dominant mobile and telecommunication provider. He got off at the 8th floor, pushed the glass door and walked to his station.
“Hi. You’re a bit late,” Charlie greeted him
“The police delayed us for a while,” the man replied.

He switched on his computer and put on his headset. The man was a very efficient customer care employee and often he bagged the Best Employee Award. The man maintained a small circle of friends consisting of Charlie and Kilonzo in IT department. Agnes often teased him and tried to befriend him but the man gave her the freezing shoulder. Agnes walked down his row sipping coffee and put the mug on his desk. The man assumed her and continued taking calls. He glanced at her and she put her hand on his shoulder.
“I just wondered why you were late”
Were it in a different setting, he would have instantly snapped her bony arm.
“Is there something you want?” he asked almost arrogantly
“Have a nice day,” she picked her mug and returned to her station.

The man left at five, ate his supper at nine, and couldn’t stop beaming when he saw his victim once again on the evening news. His imaginary companions cheered and he felt them pat his back severally. He felt a surge of raw energy flow through him and grabbed his coat as he headed out. It was 10:30PM and the street was virtually empty. He spotted a blue X-trail and a group of armed officers beside it. He watched in agony as potential victims walked peacefully to their homes. The man resented their presence and wished he had enough acid to burn them out but wishful thinking made things worse. He returned to his apartment and lay awake on his bed as he tried to a figure out a way to deal with his current obstacle. He was proud with himself once he came up with a foolproof plan and slept a happy man. His sole survivor tossed in the hospital bed eagerly waiting to return home the following morning.
