Nelson wiped the breadcrumbs from his mouth and went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Once he was done, he unplugged his phone from the wall socket and locked the door on his way out. He spotted a quick movement from the corner of his eye and when he turned round, he saw a black and red snake following him down the steps. Adrenaline instantly kicked in, he bolted down the steps, and the snake slithered faster. The snake lunged forward and sank its fang’s in Nelson’s leg causing him to roll down the steps however; a Good Samaritan managed to stop him and chased the serpent. The man pointed towards the steps and Nelson saw Sandra staring at him.

“Nelson, calm down! Calm down!” Sandra tried holding him down but he brushed her off as he gasped. Sweat poured down his forehead and he rushed to the kitchen for a cold glass of Passion juice. Sandra cautiously followed him to the kitchen and watched him from a safe distance.

“What’s wrong?” she asked in a shaky voice

“It’s just a bad dream. Go back to bed,” he replied.

She returned to bed and he decided to watch the telly until daybreak. Suddenly he felt the strange presence invade his living room and jumped from the couch. The Good Samaritan was seating near his computer with a worried look on his face! Nelson froze in terror and the man raised his finger towards his mouth. He was 5’8 in a red t-shirt, straight blue jeans and black sneakers. His bloodshot eyes and unkempt hair made Nelson more terrified.

“I am glad we have met because time is against us,” the man said in a deep voice

“Who are you? How did you get in?” Nelson asked

“She is the serpent!” the man hushed while pointing Nelson’s bedroom

“Who are you?” Nelson asked angrily

“My name is Fredrick. I died here three years ago during the construction of these apartments. My friends and I live here and we serve as resident guardians,” he concluded his introduction

“What do you mean resident guardians?” Nelson smirked

“We make sure everybody lives peacefully and no tenant takes advantage of the other in any way. That woman is taking advantage of you and you should kick her out of your life,” Fredrick said and vanished.

He gazed at the T.V and returned to bed at seven. Sandra locked the door and walked back to her apartment that was on the third floor of the building. She removed her red hair band, took a quick shower and wore her favourite yellow top and tight black pants then held her braids back with her hair band. She scrolled though her phonebook and dialed Henry’s number.

“Wassup,” he answered

“Are you at home?”

“Why?”

“Stop playing games!”

“I’m at home,” he laughed slyly

“I’m coming,” she hung up and went to his apartment that was on the right wing of the building. There was a half-full bottle of gin and ashes all over Henry’s coffee table. Henry was watching a movie and she lay beside him on the couch. She rubbed her ass against him and he put his hands under her top and removed her bra. She turned round to face him and they engaged in intense foreplay then he did her on the carpet and again in his bed. Meanwhile Nelson was at Paul’s apartment informing him of how their “exorcism” failed miserably. Nelson thanked Paul for smoking him out and he drove off to his bakery.

He cooked rice and fillet for dinner and retired early. Nelson hoped Fredrick would not interrupt his sleep since he had a long day ahead of him. Just as he placed his phone on the bedside table, Fredrick suddenly appeared and Nelson cursed him.

“How are you?” the ghost greeted him

“I’m good. I was just about to make some popcorn, care to join?” he replied while rolling his eyes in disbelief.

“Did you break up with her?” he asked him in a concerned tone

“Why would I listen to a ghost?” Nelson smirked

“Call her right now and ask her where she is”

Nelson dialed her but his call went unanswered.

“She’s probably in bed. It’s midnight,” he said and placed it back on the table

“In whose bed?” Fredrick asked while looking directly in Nelson’s eyes

Nelson was about to respond but Fredrick had disappeared. Nelson felt a strong urge to call Sandra so he could prove to Fredrick wrong. He gazed at his phone then switched off the lights and went into deep slumber. He bumped into Sandra outside his apartment on his way to work, she suddenly became tense, and she hugged him awkwardly then dashed up the steps like a frightened cat. Quite weird he said and got inside his white Spacio.
