“Let me see your license”

David complied and the officer kept looking at him and the photo on the license. The officer returned it and David regained speed on the highway.

“That was close!” MC Sugu exclaimed

“You will have to postpone your smoke session until we arrive at the hotel,” David said to him.

They branched off at the junction entering Nakuru town. The weather was chilly and heavy nimbus clouds allowed minimal sunlight to penetrate. They drove down a small street with several exhibitions on each side. David parked the navy blue Mark X and inserted a few coins in the parking meter as they left. It began drizzling and the two quickened their pace to Radio Jambo since MC Sugu had an interview at two. Fortunately, they arrived with ten minutes to spare and they started the interview early. One hour later, they left the studio after an entertaining and humorous interview and drove to Bontana Hotel. They each carried a few bags and collected their room keys at the reception. MC Sugu’s room had a large fan and several Maasai paintings on the wall. It also had a living room with two small couches and a flat screen on the wall. He went to his black backpack, fished out two slim joints and puffed away at his balcony. He enjoyed the scenic view above the town on the sixth floor of the hotel. Red lights streamed on one side while several pairs of yellow lights moved the opposite direction. He lay back in the thick Kush clouds and savored the moment. His phone startled him back to earth and he finished his joint then sipped some mouthwash, put on a pair of translucent designer shades and left for Taidy’s club.

A tall light-skinned lady waved at him and he went to her table.

“Tony!” she threw her arms around him and pecked him

He greeted two men wearing suits and sat. One of the men quickly signaled the waiter and MC Sugu ordered a bottle of Smirnoff.

“Are you ready for the show?” the man in a blue suit asked him

“I can’t wait!” he replied and swallowed two fiery shots of vodka.

“I’ve talked to David and I’ll give you the other half after the show,” the man in a dark suit told MC Sugu.

The DJ introduced the man of the hour and MC Sugu rushed to the stage amidst the cheers and wild screams from is fans.

“Nakuru mko sawa?”

He greeted the crowd and they screamed and blew *vuvuzelas* in reply. Immediately the DJ played one of his tracks and MC Sugu belted hit after hit as the crowd helped him sing along throughout the show. Some of his female fans almost fainted whenever he held their hands and moved closer to them then release his hold and jump back to the stage. He brought out Linda and they mesmerized their Nakuru fans as they performed their latest hit single as the encore.

David drove MC Sugu and Linda to Ondieki’s mansion for the after party. Mr. Ondieki owned Taidy’s club and had offered to host MC Sugu’s after party. Range Rovers, Mercedes and BMWs filled the parking lot. There was a couple making out behind some vehicles while a group of drunkards was dancing and shouting. As David, MC Sugu and Linda walked to the house, two short ladies walked towards MC Sugu and demanded for a few snaps. He posed with them as David took the pictures and they entered the mansion. Most of the guests recognized him and Linda and he also spotted Big P, a super producer and rapper, Tenfold and MVP sipping next to a group of young hot women.

“MC Sugu! Welcome!”

His hammered host shouted and handed him a glass full of whiskey. He felt it burn all the way to his stomach and it re-ignited his fading highness from the weed he smoked earlier. They joined the larger herd of party animals and returned to the hotel at five in the morning.
