Despite their successful attacks, the young soldiers felt cheated when it came to sharing the spoils from the raids. Kung’u and the squad leaders took the lion’s share while the rest settled for crumbs as if they sat and folded their hands while Kung’u and his friends fought the white man. Njoroge avoided the meetings and returned to the Foster’s before dusk on Sundays.

The whole village was terrified when a few police officers scattered several heads belonging to friends and family round the village. Women and children felt utter hopelessness without their men and several incidents of rape took place. The third squad was gearing up for their attack on the chief’s and Adam’s farm. They secretly trained in the forest before dawn so they would be at their masters’ farms on time. Adam had trouble sleeping and he decided to get some fresh air. He wore his slippers, got out of the house and looked at the stars for a while. Suddenly he heard movement from the other side of the bungalow and rushed inside the house for his pistol. He scared the daylights out of Njoroge when he tackled him and threatened to blow out his brains.

“Where from?” Adam snarled at him.

“I..I..heard the cows mooing a lot so I decided to check what was wr..wrong,” Njoroge stammered and avoided making eye contact with his master.

“I know about the secret meetings you idiot!” Adam shouted but Njoroge kept to his story.

“You know I can tell the chief to take away your family. Is that what you want?” Adam threatened Njoroge and saw Njoroge’s eyes widen.

“I know you were at the meeting. If you don’t come clean I will visit the chief tomorrow and your wife and kids will be past tense,” Adam turned and returned to the house.

Njoroge lacked sleep and had trouble concentrating on his chores. His mind went back to the previous night and the possible consequences if he did not convince his master otherwise. He finally spilled the beans when he loaded the milk on Adam’s pickup including the date of the attack. Adam passed by Patrick’s office and relayed what Njoroge told him. They decided to allow him attend the meeting s but he was their mole.

Patrick and the rest converged at Adam’s house and waited for the savages to attack them on Friday. They stormed into Adam’s compound an hour before midnight but Adam and his friends conquered them and they retreated in different directions. There were several charred limbs scattered all over Adam’s compound and a lot of dried blood near the bungalow. Njoroge’s friends were arrested the following day, Patrick took Kung’u and a few friends to the village and shot them in cold blood in front of everyone.

“Anyone who defies us gets a bullet in the head!” Patrick shouted and shot several times in the air to emphasize his message.

The Governor announced his surrender on the national radio and ordered his officers to report to Nairobi. The MauMau Commander in Chief announced that Kenya was finally free and the news spread like wildfire throughout the country. Adam and his friends met at his house to discuss the way forward. It was obvious their stay had come to an end and they began packing up that night. The governor sent a telegraph to all his chiefs ordering them to appoint their new replacements before returning to Britain.

“Njoroge!” Adam called him and Njoroge came running from his shack.

“I am going back to my country. Is there anything you want?”

Njoroge seemed puzzled for a minute.

“Your livestock,” he meekly replied.

“Is that all you want?” Adam asked.

Njoroge wondered whether Adam was testing his greed. He could not believe they would leave their beautiful bungalow behind and everything in it.

“The farm,” he finally replied.

“How much do you have?” Adam asked him.

Njoroge rushed to his shack and returned with a large piece of cloth tied up in a knot. He quickly loosened the knot and handed Adam seventy shillings and fourty five cents—all he had to his name. Anne was quite surprised when she saw the money.

“Where did you get all that money?” she asked while looking at him suspiciously.

“I saved my salary just as Master taught me,” he replied in a low voice with his head bowed.

“Congratulations. You are the new owner of this farm,” Adam smiled at him. Adam went to the pickup and returned with the title deed of his fifty-acre farm.

“Make sure you keep this safely otherwise you will loose the farm,” Adam instructed Njoroge and they drove away.
