“Thank you for this opportunity,” Linda smiled as she shook the CEO’s hand.

She couldn’t stop smiling as she entered the elevator. Linda walked to the parking lot giggling as she marveled at the zeroes on her cheque. A truck covered with a huge picture of her sipping YOLO yoghurt entered the huge premises. She followed it with her eyes until it disappeared inside a warehouse and walked to her car. Linda sang and laughed as she drove to the bank and passed by Nakumatt to pick two bottles of her favourite wine. Apart from the two million shillings royalties she received last month, she made a lot from most of the shows promoters had planned for MC Sugu before his incarceration. They had no other choice but to let Linda perform since she had featured in MC Sugu’s recent hits. She was the half loaf fans settled for other than canceling the show since the sweeter half was in jail. As for Christine, she sorted her legal fees and gave her twenty thousand shillings to disappear. Christine however felt short changed since she read about her massive royalties and Brookside’s Dairy endorsement deal. Most of her calls went straight to voicemail whenever she attempted to contact Linda. Often, Linda would switch to offline while on Facebook once Christine sent her an IM.

Tony lay on his bunker in deep thought concerning the recent turn of events. A tear rolled down his face and he wiped it then curled himself on the thin, bedbug-infested mattress. He had a hard time accepting he was spending his birthday in jail. He had planned to launch his mixtape-Zero to Hero on the same day as his birthday to thank his fans for their support. Often, Man-eater warned him about getting too close with female fans but he threw caution to the wind because he could not hold on to advice. Tony covered himself with the blanket and wept bitter tears of regret until his head hurt. MC Sugu! From Zero to Hero then back to Zero! Some fans wished him all the best while some went on a rampage as they condemned him for acting as if he was above the law. He found a lot of comfort whenever Man-eater and Linda visited. As he languished, Linda and her friends were blowing thick clouds from their shisha pipes and sipping wine. They giggled as they spilled wine on each other and ordered more bottles as they let loose on the dance floor. Linda returned to her table to grab her camera when she felt her phone vibrate. It was text message from Christine demanding two hundred grand or else she would spill the beans on Facebook and Twitter. Linda did not budge and continued partying under the stars.

“What are you doing here? Haven’t you caused us enough trouble already!” Man-eater snarled at Christine and she froze momentarily.

“I have something important to tell you concerning one of your artists,” she said to him nervously

“One of my artists also raped you?” he asked

“I will return with my lawyer after an hour so that we sort this mess,” she said and walked away

Christine returned with a man wearing glasses and had a black suit. They convinced Man-eater to give them some attention and when he did, Christine spared no detail as she told him everything. Luckily, MC Sugu’s lawyer had just arrived so he and Man-eater would drive to court.

Linda felt a throbbing headache on her right side and reached for the bottle of water on her bedside. Her friends had passed out beside her and she gently put her feet on the floor. She suddenly remembered today was her colleague’s second hearing and managed to shower and dress despite her nagging hangovers. By the time she arrived at the court, she felt rejuvenated eager to hear the judge put Tony away for the rest of his life. Man-eater waved at her and they walked inside the courtroom. A tall dark police officer led Tony to the dock and everyone stood up when the judges entered. Tony had grown thin and his cheekbones protruded as if he was a Somali refugee. He looked weary and defeated and kept his head low with shoulders hunched.

“The accuser has dropped the charges against Tony Mureithi but the court will hold her in contempt for giving a false testimony during the first hearing of this case,” the judge announced

Tony’s face lit up and his eyes widened as the judge went on. Linda was in shock and turned to Man-eater but he brushed her off. Immediately, two officers seized Linda and whisked her away. MC Sugu broke down in front of the cameras and reporters as he shared his memories behind bars. Man-eater took him to the car but MC Sugu told him to drive to the studio. Everyone quickly gathered around him and embraced their dear friend and they gathered to listen as he went inside the booth.

