“Turn right and you will see the village!” Ekwe said to the driver.

He became emotional at the sight of his village. His heart pumped with a lot of eagerness as they approached the entrance. A few women and children stopped to stare at the red Landcruiser heading towards them. Ekwe jumped out of the vehicle when the driver slowed down and Janet ordered the driver to stop. They all got out and saw the women milling around Ekwe and they were stunned to see him.

“Why did you jump out of a moving vehicle? You want to spend more time in hospital?” she rebuked him.

Ekwe led Janet, Victor, Collins and Naomi through the sparsely populated village to the headman’s compound. The headman’s daughter was terrified when she saw Ekwe and rushed to the house to call her father. The tall bald and slender man moved faster than his age allowed him and stared at Ekwe for a minute then stretched his hand towards him.

“My son! Our ancestors had preserved you for all this time yet we had assumed the worst. Welcome back my son! The village will celebrate your return!”

“Ekwe told us he was attacked by police officers near the oil well. My friends are from the Human Rights Commission and we will help Ekwe get the justice he deserves,” Janet told the headman. The headman told her the chief was seating on his hands since they reported the matter in March. Collins and Naomi told the elders they would investigate the matter therefore, they needed his cooperation. Janet and the rest returned to the Landcruiser as Ekwe and the headman walked towards the seats below a huge tree.

“Were Samuel and James fortunate?” Ekwe asked him.

“Yes. They made it back and they are fine. They hid in Awasa for a while before they returned.”

Ekwe asked the question that put the headman between a rock and a hard place. The headman wanted to soften the blow since no man had to come home to more trouble after enduring a brutal ordeal.

“Ekwe, the warriors searched for you for a whole month but you were still missing. When James returned and told us what befell you we assumed the worst. I’m sorry to tell you this but Florence and James got married last week. They are expecting a child soon,” the headman said to Ekwe with heavy sincerity.

“What? How? Why did you bless a forbidden union? You didn’t see my body did you?” he snarled and grabbed the headman’s collar.

The headman gasped for air and Ekwe finally released his grip around his neck. Ekwe stormed out of the compound and ran all the way to his house so he could see for himself. News of his return was on everyone’s’ mouth and some people had gathered outside Ekwe’s house in anticipation of the drama that would ensue upon his return.

Lotodo and Kaparo greedily pocketed the money and headed to the council. Their fellow elders sat round the headman and they sat on the empty bench under the huge tree. The headman appeared quite stressed. He stood up and addressed the council on the purpose of the day’s sitting. He proposed for the restoration of Ekwe’s marriage while James would provide upkeep for his newborn. Some of the elders supported the headman but Lotodo, Kaparo and elders seated next to them resisted the motion vehemently and argued that James had already taken up the role and it would be quite unfair for a man who put away his needs to take care of his friend’s family. They further argued that nullifying the new marriage would be spitting in Jame’s face and it would cause him a lot of unfair shame and embarrassment. The elders debated for hours and hours until they hit a stalemate. Just as they were about to adjourn their meeting, one of the elders proposed an idea that got the support of majority of the elders and they decided they would summon Ekwe and James the following morning. James arrived in the headman’s compound and greeted each elder. His now former best friend turned accuser entered the compound, greeted the neighbors, and sat on the opposite side. The headman cleared his throat and began;

“The council debated on your dispute and I am proud to tell you we have found a solution. Our warriors will be going on a raid in the evening. The two of you shall join them and whoever returns first to the village will be Florence’s husband. The loser will provide regular upkeep for his child until they become mature,” he told them.

The headman confirmed what Lotodo and Kaparo told him when they met discreetly after the council meeting. He was angry and confused since he wanted the elders to recognize him as Florence’s new husband but Lotodo told him the idea would favour him since he was better at raiding than Ekwe. James wished he had bought more elders but he could not linger in the past. He rushed home to change clothes and joined the younger warriors as they trained for their mission outside the village. They endured the scorching sun and returned to the village at five in the evening. After their supper, the warriors sang war songs inside the headman’s compound in readiness of the task ahead and the elders blessed them before they headed out. Once they arrived, they caused havoc as they turned the village inside out robbing livestock in each homestead. James and his fellow warriors killed many warriors until their enemies showed them the white flag. James ordered the warriors to gather the cattle since time was of the essence. One of the warriors told James they had lost two men during the raid and he quickly looked for his rival who was nowhere in sight.

The herd sounded like approaching thunder as the warriors ran with the herd. Anxiety and tension took over James’ mind as they neared the village. Where was Ekwe? He hoped he was among their fallen warriors as he tried to keep a steady mind and focus on saving his marriage. Ekwe ran past James’s group with a smaller herd of cattle on the turn near the forest. The witty warrior used the forest as his shortcut despite the high chances of getting lost or encountering leopards and hyenas.

“Don’t let them reach the village before us!” he urged his group.

The warriors beat the cattle harder with their canes and they accelerated narrowing the gap between them and Ekwe’s group. Ekwe saw the village a few meters ahead and urged his team to grind harder. The warriors shouted loudly and woke up several villagers in the ungodly hour that joined the elders at the entrance of the village. Ekwe whizzed past the elders followed by the herd and warriors. The headman immediately declared him the winner, as James watched in humiliation. The villagers celebrated briefly then returned to their warm beds for the remainder of the eventful night.

At dawn, James quietly left the village and rode to the shopping center on a donkey. He saw a bus and quickly boarded it and stared out of the bus through the frosty window.

“Where to?” the conductor asked him.

“Awasa”
