Fridah, Maggie and Reuben threw a party upon Sheila’s return. Sheila was glad they did not invite people since she had trouble accepting her new physical appearance. The fading stiches stood out on her burns and made her look like a creepy doll. They could tell it by the way she seemed withdrawn from the rest.
“We are just thankful you are alive!” Maggie hugged her, Sheila broke down, and Fridah hugged her tightly.
“Cheer up! You are way better than a hundred people in the cemetery,” Reuben urged while patting her shoulder.
Maggie poured shots for everyone and they toasted to Sheila’s return.
“Get the weed out!” Sheila shouted and added more fire to the party.

The officers slowly walked towards the road while smoking. A small group crossed the road and walked towards them. Some of them greeted the officers and walked away. The street remained empty except for the usual drunkards who staggered home while threatening attackers at midnight. At one, two women crossed the road and headed down the street. The X-trail’s headlights were on but the officers were nowhere in sight. It began drizzling and one of the women began jogging while covering her hair with her handbag. The rain increased and the two ran to avoid the showers. The taller lady ran towards the shorter woman and connected her fist squarely on the woman’s jaw. The man tightened his grip around his victim’s neck like a python squeezing the life out of its prey until she became lifeless. He reached into his handbag and poured the acid all over her mouth. The powerful corrosive instantly digested her lips and gum and her teeth scattered near her skull. It rained harder and the man fled into the darkness with his handbag. A woman screamed when she saw the victim’s body the next day.

“He is back!” some women gasped
“It’s about time I move out from this neighborhood. The men here are animals!” a woman exclaimed and a few female by standers agreed with her point. The police took the body to the City Mortuary and faced a long day being grilled by their superiors on their whereabouts when the incident happened.

The man could smell some of the perfume he applied last night. He remembered how his body opposed and rebelled how it felt being in a dress. He smiled when he remembered how he brought down his victim with just a single blow like an apex predator. The day was quite similar to the normal boring days and he was glad when the day was over.
“Let’s take two for the road,” the man said to Charlie and they headed to their favourite pub in the opposite building.

The man arrived home at 10PM changed into his disguise and left half an hour later. He headed towards the lower side of the hood. He noticed there were more officers and became nervous. He turned and slowly walked down the street when he saw a bus dropping passengers at the stage. Two men walked past him and he instantly faced the opposite direction. He was a few meters from the flats when a tall woman in glasses briskly walked past him. He increased his pace when checking for the police. He waited until they were near the tall grass, put her in her chokehold, and dragged her inside the grass. The woman struggled to get her mouth on his forearm and sank her teeth like a rabid bitch. He punched her head but her thick weave absorbed the blows and he immediately released her.

“Help! Help! The killer is attacking me!” she raised the alarm and she drew the people’s attention. The man sensed danger and fled in the opposite direction as the mob followed. The man’s blood made the woman nauseous and she suddenly threw up and wiped the blood off her mouth. The mob drew the officers’ attention and the man panicked when he realized he was about to be cornered. He took a turn towards the murky swamp and the mob followed while pelting him with stones. He ran through an unfinished building and he saw some of the officers running towards him. The man made it to the road but he was not yet fully out of the woods since the mob was persistent.
“There he is!” a man shouted a few meters away from the man.
The man surged forward and suddenly felt a sharp pain inside his right shoulder that almost sent him down but he continued running until the mob gave up. He rushed up the steps and quickly unlocked his door. The man went to his bathroom and endured a lot of pain when pulling out the arrow from his shoulder. Blood gushed out of the wound and he immediately rolled a towel and placed it on his wound to reduce the pressure but the blood kept flowing. He staggered to his bedroom and passed out on the bed.
