Sandra began acting strangely towards Nelson. She ignored most of his calls and text messages and whenever Nelson asked her about it, she lied she was away or the TV was too loud for her to hear her phone ringing. Nelson observed the way she seemed tense whenever she entered and left his apartment as if someone was watching her. Maybe Fredrick had spooked her, he thought. One evening, Nelson had returned home from the bakery and he met Sandra walking hand in hand with a tall, skinny man who seemed in his late twenties. Sandra let go of his arm and hugged Nelson.

“This is my friend, Henry,” she introduced him while avoiding Nelson’s eye contact.

“Okay. I guess I’ll see you later,” he said.

As he went up the steps, he felt suspicion building up inside him. Why had she let go of Henry’s hand so quick when he appeared? Maybe he was the reason why Sandra ignored his calls. Fredrick suddenly appeared next to the TV.

“You saw what I was talking about,” Fredrick stated and Nelson nodded while staring outside the window

“Why me and not Henry?” he bitterly asked

“She spent the whole day at his house. She is pregnant and I heard her tell her friends that its Henry’s baby but she will set you up because Henry is just a friend with benefits,” Fredrick said to him

“Wow, so I’m the nice guy who will raise her kids while she hops from one guy to the next”

“How long have they been seeing each other?” Nelson turned to Fredrick

“Four months ago. February to be exact”

“That was just a month after we started dating!” Nelson exclaimed

“You aren’t the only one enjoying her goodies,” Fredrick giggled and stopped when Nelson glared at him.

Nelson switched on his computer and googled easy DIY instructions on how to abort. He grabbed a pen and notepad and wrote the medication required-Mifeprex and Cyotec. Nelson neatly folded the paper, and headed out in search of the drugs. He purchased them at a tiny chemist, passed by the weed man and made a stopover at Paul’s apartment.

Sandra’s phone vibrated and she read Nelson’s text then tossed her phone on the couch. She checked her watch, began applying makeup, and locked her apartment as she left at half past eight. She stopped at 116 and gently knocked the blue door while secretly hoping he wasn’t around so she could be with Henry.

“Hi,” Nelson smiled and hugged her as she stepped in.

He served her a glass of passion juice and they chatted for a while. Sandra excused herself at ten after she told Nelson she had a job interview the following morning. Nelson peeped through his curtains and saw Sandra descending the steps and going up the steps on the right wing of the building and he returned to the couch with an evil smile.

“What’s wrong?” Henry shouted with his hand s behind his head as Sandra writhed in his bed leaving red trails all over his brilliantly white sheets. Sandra cried louder as she clasped her belly in agony and more blood streamed down her black thighs.

“Help me!” she screamed and fell on the floor. Henry grabbed her and helped her down the steps as he called Mwangi, his regular taxi driver to come to the gate. The two helped her get inside the vehicle and he sped off to Nairobi Hospital. Sandra had passed out due to shock and the doctors inserted a drip in each arm and took a small blood sample from her. Fredrick appeared to Nelson the following morning to tell him that his plan had worked and immediately he began packing his belongings. The doctors waited until Sandra regained her consciousness and grilled her about where she bought the medication, as it was only available through prescription. An elderly nurse rebuked her for attempted abortion and prayed for divine wrath upon her womb.

“When were you planning to tell me about it?” Henry asked her and she assumed the question. Suddenly she remembered the juice at Nelson’s house was the last thing she put in her mouth before going to Henry’s apartment but how did he know she was about to set him up? They left the hospital at three in the afternoon and Henry walked her to her house. When they reached the first floor, she turned towards Nelson’s house and bitterly cursed when she read the paper on his door. It read,

“Vacant! Call Caretaker at the above number”
