Bullets whizzed past their ears as they ran for their lives. Samuel turned right and followed the rocky path in to the bushes. James followed him as the thorny branches scratched his face and arms. Samuel saw a clearing behind the acacia trees and they headed towards it silently so as not to attract their assailants’ attention. They reached the clearing, rested for a while then continued with their journey home. They were desperate to find someone who could tell them exactly where they were and how they would get back to their village in Marsabit South. Dusk transformed into night and the pair camped beside a pile of huge rocks. Samuel and James rose up early the following morning and continued with their journey. A large truck approached them and they hopped in quite happy the heavens had heard their cries.

“Were those police men or bandits?” James asked

“Both,” Samuel replied

The truck stopped and the two hopped out discreetly. Samuel got confused as he processed the unfamiliar surroundings. The tall buildings and busy streets were the extreme opposite of his tiny and quiet village. Virtually everyone they met wore *kanzus* or *buibuis* and they stuck out since they were in t-shirts and red shawls with clubs hanging on their belts. They heard an Imam announce time for afternoon prayers through a loud megaphone outside a small mosque.

“We must be in Wajir,” Samuel told his friend

“Let’s ask for where we can find transport to Marsabit,” James replied

They crisscrossed the small dusty streets and finally asked a security guard where they could find buses heading to their destination. The man laughed and told them they were in Awasa, Ethiopia. Samuel and James wandered around the streets aimlessly and went inside a small restaurant. The locals spoke Amharic and James had to point at the opposite table for the waiter to serve them goat meat. Samuel asked the waiter where they could find cheap accommodation and he gladly took them upstairs where they booked a room for the night.

“The whole village must be searching for Ekwe,” James said

“I don’t know how his family will take it when we tell them what happened,” he replied and pulled the blanket over his head.

A red Landcruiser slowed down and two men immediately hopped out. They grabbed him and put him in the back then sped off. Once they arrived at the Mission hospital, they rushed him to the Emergency room and left the man in the hands of the doctors. A doctor finally emerged an hour later and the men immediately stood up.

“You found him in critical shock due to massive bleeding. We have stiched him up and he is resting. You can see him tomorrow,” the doctor told them and walked away. The men drove back to their camp and told the rest of their group what they encountered on their way back. After breakfast, the men together with their coordinator drove to the Mission hospital. The doctor told them the patient needed to be transferred to Turukana General Hospital since he was in dire need of a blood and the hospital did not have any.

“We can organize how he will be airlifted to Nairobi,” the woman told the doctor and he looked at her with raised eyebrows.

“I am Janet. I’m with the Flying Doctors. My crew can have a plane come pick him up by midday,” she replied.

“I will make sure the transfer documents will be ready by the time the plane arrives,” he told them as they returned to their Landcruiser. Janet rang the headquarters back in Nairobi and they promised to send a plane. Meanwhile, Ekwe slowly regained consciousness. He felt weak and was desperate to quench his nagging thirst. A short plump nurse wearing glasses replaced the IV drip.

“Can you hear me?” she asked him but Ekwe was too weak to respond. She walked away and Ekwe winced as he turned his head sideways. He felt hot around his neck and back injuries. The bandages around his face made it difficult to yawn or speak properly. He had a large swelling almost the size of a golf ball on his left knee and the wounds on his arms spoke more volumes of his horrific encounter. The short nurse walked to his bed accompanied by three other nurses pushing a bed and they transferred Ekwe from his bed and headed towards the entrance. The dust was settling down as the large helicopter blades came to a stop. Ekwe closed his eyes since the sunlight hurt his eyes as the nurses alongside two paramedics loaded him into the chopper.
