Collins folded a five hundred shillings note with his left hand as he balanced the steering wheel with his right. He slowed down and rolled his window.

“How are you, *afande*?” he shook the officers hand and the police officer quickly pocketed the money. Richard resumed to his previous speed as he engaged other passengers in a heated conversation about the level of impunity among the traffic officers.

“It’s just better to give them what they want otherwise I won’t gain anything having my driving license banned for a false reason,” the driver consoled himself.

All the passengers alighted and the conductor brought in passengers until the bus was full. Richard drove and turned at the junction that linked to the opposite flow of traffic on the highway.

“This is the worst day my brother! I am not sure if I will take anything home today,” A fellow driver said to Richard.

“This is my second trip and they’ve robbed me five hundred shillings!” Richard protested.

“You better watch out for those at Muthaiga. They handcuffed my conductor and I had to give them two thousand shillings. I’m just praying I won’t run out of fuel before I reach Githurai.”

Richard felt more anxiety and panic as he drove. He was not alone since all the bus and *matatu* drivers along the highway languished in the same nightmare. He endured the rest of the day and felt relieved when the day was over. He went to Superhighway club, a tiny, dingy bar where keg was the staple drink. Most of the drivers and conductors converged at the club to unwind with a few jugs of keg. Everyone cursed the traffic officers for robbing in broad daylight. They drank into the witches’ hours and finally each of them staggered to his residence and some slept in their vehicles.

“We don’t care, the OCS must resign!”

“Opiyo must go!”

“Opiyo must go!”

“They are thieves in police uniform!”

“We command these demons to flee!”

The drivers chanted meters away from a few traffic officers. They planned a strike the previous night against the traffic officers and the OCS for condoning the vice. A truck-load of police officers wearing helmets and armed with batons arrived at the busy terminus and the officers joined their fellow officers. The angry drivers moved closer and closer to the officers and the officers waited for it to happen. An officer blasted teargas at the mob and they retreated in several directions. The teargas canister was hurled back to the officers and the drivers pelted them with stones, bottles and other crude projectiles available to them. The officers pursued them and the situation degenerated to running battles. Some of the idlers looted the local vendors and vanished in the crowds. The officers did not spare anyone they met along their warpath and they arrested several people. An empty police truck came and the officers loaded the suspects inside and sped off to Kasarani Police Station.

Despite their helmets and protective uniform, some officers sustained major wounds. One of the officers had a huge swelling on his forehead and dried blood all over his face. Another officer gingerly held his left knee and cursed the suspects. They lost a few shields and batons but the government always won at the end of the day. Once they arrived at the station, the officers booked the suspects for incitement and unlawful demonstration. Most of the arrested drivers and conductors were released the following morning after friends and family bailed them out. Once again, they returned to the vicious cycle with their tails firmly tucked between their legs and the police returned to the station happy and with loaded pockets. The following day the wicked officers stationed themselves along the highway and continued fleecing the public service vehicles. Their greed caused them to venture into new territory—*bodaboda* operators. *Bodaboda* are motor cycles used for public transport and normally they never experienced harassment or extorted by the traffic officers. They bitterly parted with the lion’s share of their days sweat to a greedy lot that would blow away the money on beer.
