He got out tucking in his shirt while fastening his belt. The woman followed him while closing her zip and he handed her two hundred shillings
“Thanks,” she replied in a hoarse voice
The man hesitated for a while and told her he wanted more so they returned to the shack. As the woman slid down her pants, the man pretended he was unfastening his belt while slowly reaching for the large transparent bucket with eggs and sausages.
“What’s taking you so long?” she asked impatiently
“Let me put on this condom,” he replied
He reached for the container beneath the food while holding her waist firmly with his left hand and she guided him inside her. She gently rocked back and forth and the man slowly unscrewed the lid then shoved her violently causing her head to collide with the large stones on the ground. The woman screamed as blood trickled down her fore head but he wasn’t done with her. The man stomped her face with his large boots as if he was putting out a fire until her face was a bloody mess. She cried for mercy as blood pooled on the dirt. He delivered a powerful kick to her sternum that caused her to curl into fetal position as she gasped for air. The man’s awaited moment had arrived and he stood above her and poured sulphuric acid all over her face as she screamed like a tortured beast and he fled the scene.

The woman woke up in a hospital bed two days later. She had bandages all over her face and neck and she felt a sharp pain in her chest whenever she inhaled. Two nurses slowly removed her bandages and she saw their reaction when they saw her wounds. Deep lacerations intersected at several points on her face and her stitched lips were swollen. The nurses smeared a white powder all over the chemical burns on her face and neck then dressed her wounds with fresh bandages. She was semi-conscious and she let out small cries as the nurses dressed her wounds.
“What’s your name?” a nurse asked
“Sheila” she whispered
“Who did this?” the second nurse asked

Sheila remembered the kick to her sternum and the smell of acid burning her flesh. Her attacker wore a cap and a blue shirt. She gently turned her head away from the nurses and tears rolled down her face.

The man followed two women from a safe distance. The street was empty and he begun quickening his pace making sure his bucket remained relatively still so as not to spill the contents before his mission. One of the women turned left and disappeared into the dark alley leading to several apartments. Desipite the chilly temperature, the man had beads of sweat forming on his forehead and wiped with his left arm. He approached her silently like a skilled predator until he was just a few meters behind her. The woman turned and he offered her a sausage but she politely declined. The woman branched and walked towards a large blue gate through the tiny path with long grass on both sides. She was 5’6, plump and had baby locks. His heart beat faster and anticipation surged through his body. He crouched in the long grass, took out the container filled with the colorless corrosive, and took large strides towards his target. The woman finally found her keys and she suddenly turned round when she felt a presence behind her. Immediately he splashed the acid directly in her face and fled back towards the main road as his victim screamed and writhed in pain.

Her screams woke some of the neighbors who quickly rushed to the gate to her rescue. They found her lying face down and there was a strong sulphur smell around her. Two men quickly helped her to her feet but they almost fled at the horrific site of her face! Her dermis was exposed leaving a few patches of her face. A thick yellowish fluid oozed from her orbital sockets as it mixed with the blood and mucous from the remainder of her nostrils. Her left earlobe was toast and her cheekbones were exposed. The neighbors quickly put her inside one of the cars and sped off to the Catholic Hospital off the Thika highway only for the doctor to record a DOA at 2:43 AM. The doctor called the police so they would take the body to the City Mortuary.
