Nelson smiled when he saw her at the door. He opened the door and hugged her for almost a minute then sat beside her on his couch.

“Did you miss me?” she asked him in a soft, seductive voice while gently stroking his right arm

“I thought you eloped with a rich stranger,” he smiled at her

“Are you accusing me of cheating?” she asked him and they gazed into each other’s eyes.

“Maybe”

Sandra drew closer to his face and they made out passionately. His hands were all over her as he caressed her and he removed her belt. Soon, both of them were naked like a pair of newborn babies and he went on top of her. Nelson went faster and she moaned louder and louder. He felt his semen about to shoot out and distracted himself by facing away from her. Nelson felt a strange presence in his living room and wondered whether someone was watching them. He stood up, removed the condom and looked at his door to see whether it was open. Nelson hammered her from behind until she cried tears of joy when she hit the big O. Nelson felt the presence grow stronger as they lay on the couch but he dismissed it since it was only Sandra and him inside the apartment. It felt just like the night he had the horrifying nightmare except it was in his bedroom. They watched movies until midday then Nelson left for work. Nelson ran a busy bakery near the city center and he had four employees. Being a Friday, Nelson had to ensure the weekend orders were ready before six pm. Sometimes they burnt they burnt the midnight oil on some Friday whenever the orders flooded in during the week. His mainly baked for weddings and corporate events which paid handsomely.

He closed the bakery at eight when his last customer was satisfied with the final product. Nelson rang Sandra and she met him an hour later in Tribeka for a few brews until the wee hours of the night. Nelson held her firmly as she staggered and they got a cab that drove them home and they passed out on his bed. Nelson was up by seven the following morning and headed to his bakery so they would deliver the cakes in several weddings around Nairobi. Sandra hid his key under the soap dish on the kitchen’s windowsill just as he told her before he left in the morning. Nelson invited Paul over and once he arrived, Nelson explained to him he wanted to cleanse his house off an evil presence inside his apartment.

“You need a lot of grass to do it,” Paul said to him in a serious tone

Soon it was cloudy inside the apartment. Nelson sprayed more air freshener near his door to mask the Mary Jane.

“Do you think this will work?” Nelson asked with a hint of doubt

“It works, don’t worry! We have chased them for good,” Paul assured him.
